And then, good people, I'll show you
you today the third episode of my
career as a player I am
midfielder of curitiba
I did 19 years in the game my value and there it is 725
thousand is andré 500 I have gone up my price already
But I'm still on loan to
board put me to be loaned
No one came for the time being.
interested or even wanted to lend me more
okay
the first match against the Saints and not
was either listed on the reservation bank
I stayed
we lost 2 to 1 to my surprise
I was related to the game against
corinthians
hence the goals just to remind us
have to take the average 6
Yes, I wanted to google and make plays.
kicking index to 7 65% and creating more
30-goal chance
You pass and crosses everything
together and there the match against
corinthians, I'm good for you there
deep down you already know the result
of the match because the game against the
corinthians
It's necessary to say a lot and I played
very bad people I'm stumbling around here
own players and so bad that I am
of the time is unfortunate that part was not
very good and I'm not running after the
the ball because the team does not
does this in the cpu does not this pressure the
only kind of pressure they make
shadow and only surround players
but do not go back to get the ball
and steal the ball in the kick kick but the
if he defended and made some moves
some releases but unfortunately this
there was nothing that the defense of the
Corinthians already took and we went
first time in 0 to 0 there the second
the result of this game without knowing the
Corinthians game right
I need to say a lot and I'll have to go there.
I will know this piece of video galera
Why did I run after the ball?
the team does not do anything at all
stay there, I call, they do not have
a little button that you press for the
staff make pressure push more
they do little too and when they
they are stupid
then they open a lot of space and opens the
Our defense is to attack the team.
adversary
at the end of the game there and I even had cameras
so much
behind the ball made so neat and
we finished in 0 to 0 I took 6 people
well in the wake of what they ask me to
take the next match against the win
here in my son is still savior I
I did not understand
I had already updated fifa before
start your career and went to savior
I may not put the right option there but
okay is against victory yet
It was not related to people tied for 2
to 2
fulfills two of the four objectives in
in those four rounds which is bad
half is not very good in the middle points
well as the next objectives in the
The next four games are the ones that
you notice they decreased the number of
goals now only three
before it was four then I 'm playing
It's so bad I can not reach the
goals that they did the most
easy to see if I can win some
only in this way is it only
way
I was related to play against
criciúma we are going to play outside the house and
follow this game because there is a good thing
coming here
I will not say much but it was a
match that will be marked there in
in this series in his career as a player
I started under pressure look at the
people in this play and in this triangulation
I crossed the ball took effect
I did not think to take it and hit the
after skipping over
Mass was not a near goal but I found it
cool
It was the closest goal I ever had
so far 100 half time has not been much
very busy time or around the
the second time the criciúma came back attacking
again as it was in the first half
but there the star of this guy shone and
master game accompanies in slow motion the
my first career goal as
player
my first goal of all games that
I did it and I marked it against criciúma
I celebrated with style
I finally celebrated with the staff.
disenchant and made the first goal this
excited even more
I started to play better. I started to play.
understand how you play and part
up and put
I'm glad people are glad that
finally I made my first goal and
guarantee victory pro curitiba three
points thanks to my goal
after all it was 6.4 even so it was a note
Bad but it's because I was very out.
position has yet to learn how to
position on the field as a striker
huh
even more than how he plays in the middle of the fifa
How we play, we know you play.
in the middle is very complicated, do not enter the
defense is a quasi-mission
difficult and that is the
position I play then why
take a low note because I
automatically in the style of game I will
straight through the corners
so that makes us lose points there
in the final average
then the game against the inter was related
good triangulation that resulted in
The throw that I made the move did not
nothing happened nothing happened but it's the
The kind of game I play is not and is the
kind of move I want from the cpu
You too are looking at a ball.
underneath and weakly wanted to
ball on top and then in front of you, right?
they do not do this kind of thing have a
Good pass a good thigh that I
made
unfortunately it was not a goal and it was good that
I earn many points not even for the
assistance and the pass at the front but
did not work and then who noticed the
bullshit I did I gave the cart
there I actually asked for the crossroads but
I pressed the crossover button was
press the peace button and I ended up giving
cart is not this is my level of
player, this is how I am
in a player's career then do not
in peace but with that because I 'm still
Bad I 'm getting used to now
I'm getting better now I'm taking the
way
I scored a goal there, which for me is already
fantastic is enough
I'm very happy already in this episode
I already scored so I'm happy end of the day.
and was replaced by Alex Alex
that the owner of the coritiba who was a
of the reasons that I chose the coritiba
there in the first episode I explain
and we drew 0-0
and then I received a compliment from the technician
Master's game is fantastic and I understood
do not understand why my average
notes is 662 6.4 I did what a two goal
assists I 'm not playing well now
Come tell me it's fantastic, and you do not understand.
But beauty, I accept the compliment, I did.
the goal today
I was praised so I'm even being in profit
in this episode
I want to show you a report of
cast my points
I have in general average 68 now I started
with you
7 I already celebrated my birthday in 19 years.
increase in some expensive issues with a
crossing head of dribbles increasing
the dots there
slowly the coritiba is in 12th in the
Brazilian championship
Since I 'm not the coritiba, I do not
I need to worry about the position of the
team just have to do my part he
and grow and for another team and that's it
Hey, guys, this was the third episode.
fourth episode soon
Thank you so much, and even more.